Document continuous_capture parameter (#30)
Vualto/task-engine-public-docs: docs/source/DeveloperDocumentation/TaskEngineWorkflowFeatures.md

  }
}
```

## CONTINUOUS CAPTURE

> The Task Engine [VOD Capture](TaskEngineWorkflows.md#vod-capture) workflow supports the `continuous_capture` parameter which will begin capturing clips before the specified end time. By default it will begin capturing once 80% of the time has elapsed between the earliest start time of the specified clips and the latest end time. This can be overriden by setting the `run_at` parameter.

Reviewer: I would mention that if the clip is under 60 seconds the start time will be used as the run_at time (job_request.rb - line 87)

```
 elsif end_time - start_time < 60
      start_time
    else
 ```

> The Task Engine [VOD Capture](TaskEngineWorkflows.md#vod-capture) workflow supports the `continuous_capture` parameter which will begin capturing clips before the specified end time. By default it will begin capturing once 80% of the time has elapsed between the earliest start time of the specified clips and the latest end time. This can be overriden by setting the `run_at` parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Task Engine [VOD Capture](TaskEngineWorkflows.md#vod-capture) workflow supports the `continuous_capture` parameter which will begin capturing clips before the specified end time. By default, it will begin capturing once 80% of the content is available, i.e. at 80% of the way from the earliest start time to the latest end time of all clips. This can be overridden by setting the `run_at` parameter.
```

Small phrasing adjustment, I think it helps clarity.
